c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\SeniorProject.exe.config
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\SeniorProject.exe
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\SeniorProject.pdb
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject.g.resources
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject.exe
c:\users\rohan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\obj\Debug\SeniorProject.pdb
C:\Users\rohan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rohan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rohan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.dll
C:\Users\rohan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.xml
C:\Users\rohan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\rohan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SeniorProject\SeniorProject\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
